this is Frankie McDowell my own TV
station live from naval park attention
citizens of Boston purchasers days of
New York City so they're intense
rainfall warning facial for Boston
response meal one owner Plus will this
rain for next three days painful Boston
have to be prepared for huge rainstorm
it's going to happen on Wednesday made
night 2012 free fall well he's
all-powerful Boston me but the stage ma
Rhoda basis I'm a flood the basement
floors in the house I'm a knocko power
which will be real strong in Boston
telephone poles will be knock down
tracks fibers will be destroyed babe
we've often been prepared have your
rubber boots late every wrinkle day and
it's ready and your hip waders ready and
Rachel's lady babe with Austin damn what
is it knee-deep water on live through
your chest deep water don't walk and a
foot don't drive your car to flood or
your car to break down and the car gets
dull have your cell phones ready have
your medical get ready have your
flashlights ready have you
candles right have you get those ready
hey Cantwell's ready or you beat us oh
you're Chinese flute the austere rain
will be real powerful wit will be so
strong in boston MA destroy double lines
and power lines will be down the pair
will go out have you syllables just have
your tablets church hanger laptops
church because stir will be real
powerful for boston and new york city
dave was blasted big prepared for Ted's
rainfall from Tuesday to Thursday best
luckier people in Boston p for every
intent ute great storm gluck